Hasan alaikum and welcome to titli's
busy kitchen with me titli nihaan an
American guy has just asked me for a
board of salad I told him I just ran out
of Waldorf's but he was pretty insistent
right I've got half a cup of red
seedless grapes cut in half
yes they do have to be red grapes
otherwise it wouldn't be a Waldorf salad
now would it
half a cup of thinly sliced celery one
sweet apple peeled cored and diced three
tablespoons of mayonnaise one tablespoon
of lemon juice half a teaspoon of salt
1/4 teaspoon of ground black pepper and
a lettuce
wait where are the walnuts where are the
walnuts walnuts that's a lot easier to
find a packet of sliced hippopotamus
evil suitcase sauce than walnuts in this
kitchen although they are you want
something doing you have to do it
yourself and 1/2 a cup of walnuts
brother mayonnaise and lemon juice in a
bowl and whisk them together and not the
salt and pepper come on come on then
we're adding the rest of the ingredients
and get them mixed this bowl isn't big
enough for me we're all the bigger bowls
when you need them is it so hard is it
so hard to have a kitchen which has
bowls of the right size right I'll serve
this up now just line this with lettuce
make it look nice get these stuff in
there
well I hope you like this Waldorf salad
anybody think we were running a hotel
here well I guess that wasn't so
difficult at least I coat copings easy
not pureeing your loved ones now that's
the difficult part join me next time in
titli's busy kitchen with me titli
Fawlty until next time what happens